alright guys I'm here with Dan lead
guitarist from Hoobastank house
soundtrack going we haven't started
oh you haven't started well this is I
mean kind of waiting who you got stage
waiting we're waiting because we haven't
gotten everything plugged in and dialed
in yet my son happens to be ready
sounds like the drums are about ready
and yeah but soundcheck you know you
usually goes pretty smooth every long as
a typical soundcheck I know it probably
doing and how long the show is but for
something like today how long you guys
plan on being here I will probably just
run through two songs Oh like that maybe
three but that's all we're playing
anyways three something so can I just
say over the course of three days of
filming for real music live you guys
were on time early I think that's that's
our biggest problem is that we're always
on time are you really like it's hard to
get that rep in the industry everyone's
always late I know
um I'm try try I was the last one today
like when we showed up we all met at
Chris's house and we all came together
in a van and I was last
I was late it usually Chris who's who's
the last one but I I think you know I
want to start being the last one early
on you guys just all shared being on
time I mean that's hard to get like to
people it's not it's not it took a long
time I think I was always on time and
Chris was always off time I like that
the German was always often and Doug see
Chris's whole thing was like if he had
to be somewhere at 3:30 he gave himself
20 minutes to get there you know I'm mad
if there was traffic or not it's like it
doesn't take 20 minutes anymore in LA
right it's way more than that now I mean
it's 20 minutes if there's no traffic
but I used to get really stressed out
back in you know through the years when
they would say you have to be here at
the video shoot at 10:00 or you have to
be here at whatever time cuz I felt like
I had to be there at that time but at
this point I'm like you know what I'll
get there when I get there not to be a
jerk or anything but I'll get there when
I get there because I know we're gonna
be sitting around picking our noses for
another two hours so
only thing is you guys do that like at
parties because I could find preparing
for people to come over my house and
people show up 30 minutes early I'm
always like I'm not ready like are you
those people yeah yeah no okay no being
on time is awesome you guys keep up keep
up the great work so I want to know why
why is it important for you guys to be
on shows like real music live that are
showcasing real music and real artists
and and delivering that for the fans
what enticed you to come on the show
well it's always nice when you get an
offer to go and play a show that's you
know gonna be televised it's just you're
your audience is so huge at that point
and it touches so many people that I
think it's a smart thing to do you know
plus we have a new record out and I
think that that lets people know yeah
just this past what this October or
September what did I record come out I
don't remember
yeah our record came out like about a
month and a half ago
it's about fighter flight and stuff like
this is great you know just lets people
know that were still around still making
music and yeah you do I'm so excited to
hear you guys live I can't wait all
right get back for your soundcheck all
right thank you